Let's finally write our own decorator.
Remember a decorator super charges our function it's simply a function that wraps another function and
enhances it or changes it.
But the best way for me to explain what it is is to actually code our own.
So let's do that.
Let's define a my decorator and this decorator is going to accept a function.
Right away we should know that this is a higher order function.
Now in here inside of here we're going to call the function.
But before we do that we're actually going to wrap this function in another function.
So we're going to say define the wrap function.
So this is just a wrapper and this wrap function is going to be a function that simply runs this func.
And then finally we'll just return wrap function.
And notice here that I'm not calling it I'm just returning it.
So that later on somebody can use it OK.
Now let's say we have a simple function.
Hello.
And this simple function just prints hello.
What a useless function.
Now why is this useful.
Because now I can use this as decorator Python as soon as we write an A in front of this is going to
say hey this is going to be a decorator and a decorator.
As long as we follow the syntax of accepting a function having a wrapper function calling the function
and returning the wrapper function can be used.
So if I do my decorator.
See how it's all blue.
Now this decorator can actually be used on top when defining our functions.
So if we want to use my decorator on the Hello Function we use it like this so that when I call.
Hello.
Next in my program I click Run I get.
Hello OK I know what you're thinking you're thinking this is a complete waste of time Andre.
Why did I have to do all of that.
I could have just done this just to find the hello and that was it.
I'm so confused.
Well here's the thing what we just did with the decorator
hasn't changed anything.
It works exactly as expected but what it allows us to do is that now we can add extra functionality.
Remember how I said that decorators is a function like my decorator that wraps.
That is here.
Another function which is the function that we pass in and enhances it.
So how can we enhance Hello.
Well we can do anything inside of this wrapped function.
For example I can say print and then we'll just print some stars in here and maybe print another set
of stars in here so that when I call run boom we've just super boosted ah Hello Function how cool is
that and this is why decorators are useful by just adding this one line I'm able to super boost a function
so that lets say I create a another function called by and this by is going to print See Ya Later bye
calling bye here and clicking run.
Well nothing changes but if I wanted to super boost it just like the Hello.
All I need to do is just copy the decorator and use it here as well so that if I run it there we go.
We have super boosted R by this is the power of decorators by just using this syntax.
I can add extra functionality to other functions.
Now I know what you're thinking and I know I also keep saying that a lot.
It's like I can read minds but you're thinking this is a lot of magic.
How does Python interpreter do all of this.
It seems like well magic right underneath the hood.
All it does.
Well let me show you based on what we've learned so far about functions because they're first class
citizens right.
All we're doing is literally this we're saying variable a equals hello
and wrapping this hello and calling it with my decorator so I'm saying my decorator
and then after that I am running a like this
so let's say this was hello to.
Well I'm just running it like so so that if I run this everything still works.
All I'm doing is wrapping my Hello Function with my decorator and assigning it to a variable so if we
go step by step we see that my decorator receives a function in our case the Hello Function.
It then returns this wrapped function that has hello in here.
So we return this wrap function so hello to now equals this wrapped function.
And then this wrap function gets called and what is a K called with.
Well it prints this then it runs the Hello Function and then it prints this.
It's the same as doing something like this.
We simply call it again.
If I run this it works that looks strange doesn't it but it should make sense.
We're calling the first function and the first function returns another function and then we call the
next return function which is wrap.
Function.
Now the reason decorators are useful is because instead of doing this and frankly looking confusing
I can just add the at my decorator and we don't need to do all of this.
Ah hello gets automatically wrapped by my decorator but essentially this is what the outside is doing.
See nothing magic about it now.
Right now this is nice but I bet you're still wondering why decorators are useful so in order to really
finalize our understanding of decorators let's take a break and I'll see you in the next video.